### Overview
GHelper is a utility that supplements Logitech's G Hub application, performing application profile-related tasks that currently remain unimplemented or unsupported in G Hub itself.

This app's creation was the result of its developer's frustration with missing functionality in G Hub, including several obvious features that a typical user would naturally expect to be present.

It is this developer's hope that Logitech will eventually implement these features in G Hub itself, thus ending GHelper's reason for existence.

You can watch a demo of GHelper's features [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRvMh4jrx54).

_Disclaimer: the developer of this software is not affiliated with Logitech International S.A._

### Downloading & Updating GHelper
The latest release can always be found [on GitHub](https://github.com/AJLeuer/GHelper/releases).

### Installing GHelper
To install GHelper, launch the `GHelper.msixbundle` installer.

### Using GHelper
In the current release, GHelper offers the following functionality:

* Removing an application (including Logitech-provided applications):
  * While G Hub allows deleting user-added applications, it does not permit removal of applications that are included in G Hub's database. GHelper has no such limitation.
  * To remove an application from G Hub, locate the application in question in GHelper's **G Hub Games** navigation view, on the left-hand side of GHelper's main window, and select it.
  * Click the **Delete** button near the top of the window.
  * In the confirmation dialog that appears, click **Delete** to confirm deletion.
* Deleting an application profile (including *Default* profiles):
  * While G Hub allows deleting user-created application profiles, it does not permit removal of an application's autogenerated *Default* profile. GHelper has no such limitation.
  * To delete a G Hub application profile, locate the application in question in GHelper's **G Hub Games** navigation view, on the left-hand side of GHelper's main window.
  * Click the caret to the left of the game's icon to uncollapse the application's child profiles.
  * Select the profile you wish to delete.
  * Click the **Delete** button near the top of the window.
  * In the confirmation dialog that appears, click **Delete** to confirm deletion.
* Setting the active profile for a application:
  * While doing this is technically possible in G Hub itself, G Hub's UI for indicating the currently active profile leaves a lot to be desired.
  * To set the currently active profile for a G Hub game using GHelper, locate the application in question in GHelper's **G Hub Games** navigation view, on the left-hand side of GHelper's main window.
  * Click the caret to the left of the application's icon to uncollapse the application's child profiles.
  * Select the profile you wish to set active.
  * In the profile overview on the right-hand side of the window, locate the **Currently Active** toggle switch and toggle it to **Active**.
  * Click the now-highlighted **Save** button near the top of the window to confirm your change.
  * The currently active profile for the application is now clearly indicated by the state of the toggle widget, and by the colored dot to the right of the profile name in the navigation pane.
* Renaming an application profile:
  * This feature is included in GHelper purely for convenience, as renaming profiles is already possible in G Hub itself.
  * To rename an application profile, locate the application in question in GHelper's **G Hub Games** navigation view, on the left-hand side of GHelper's main window.
  * Click the caret to the left of the application's icon to uncollapse the application's child profiles.
  * Select the profile you wish to rename.
  * In the profile overview on the right-hand side of the window, locate the **Name** field and type the new desired name for the profile.
  * Click the now-highlighted **Save** button near the top of the window to confirm your change.
* Setting a custom poster image for an application:
  * Note that while it's possible to set a custom poster for a G Hub-saved application using GHelper, any application updates to G Hub will likely revert an application's poster image to the default. Thus keeping a custom poster set for an application may necessitate repeating these steps after each G Hub update.
  * Note that setting a custom poster requires administrator permissions, as changing an application poster image requires GHelper to modify a shared Logitech asset file.
  * To set a custom poster for a G Hub application, locate the application in question in GHelper's **G Hub Games** navigation view, on the left-hand side of GHelper's main window, and select it.
  * In the application overview on the right-hand side of the window, locate the **Poster** preview.
  * Below the preview, find and click the **Choose Custom Image** button (you may need to expand the window).
  * A File Explorer window will appear. Navigate to and select the desired image file.
    * Currently, the supported file types are PNG, BMP, TGA, and JPEG.
  * Click **Open**.
  * A User Account Control prompt will appear. Click **Yes** on the UAC dialog to confirm.
  * Click the now-highlighted **Save** button near the top of the window to confirm your change.

### Contributing
The source code for GHelper can be found [on GitHub](https://github.com/AJLeuer/GHelper). Contributions, including pull requests, are always welcome.
